This document is a schizopost and you have been warned.

The sound design herein is mostly rips of generally copyright-lean
stuff. I plan to add proper "small" effects for hits, deaths, spells,
etc. which should add a decent bit more character atop the lackluster
gameplay and middling visuals.

-- Visual notes that'll probably go unused:

I have no asset for characters besides Cirno, I attempted drafting a
Flan asset however nothing looked even remotely passable. I assume I
would have to make something in blender which would not go with the
Cirno asset at all and would then require more work. As the time is
expired there is little reason to do this, however in future this will
be the path I take. I think the cirno asset is passable however it is
not cogent to further additions apart from the Touhou look.

Add mountains that shift in an inverted triangle along
tilt scolling background background with perspective, zoom or upscale
as needed.  healthbar should be a bar, where the most important is
longest and by the edge of the screen, and each subsequent bar is
shorter. Color gradient and pad with contrast.  Spellbar should be a
split in the above healthbar, use a very different color grade.
Bosses' health bar should not be a bar, but a segmented spinning
circle in the topleft: i.e. 4 segments, ensuring visibility, large, in
corner, with the same gradient idea, should show damage per phase
relatively well. The spinning can vary with damage.

Also consider the idea of making said healthbar spin at the rate of
damage, though this may not be ideal. Perhaps an endless circle where
the color grade actually determines the amount of damage? ((100%) cyan
-> (50%) purple -> (10%) red).  Maybe add a trail to cirno.

After implementing the prior paragraph as a border, it actually looks
really nice, however due to the obviously small margins it of course
mixes in color thus the visual clarity is not great. I believe that,
abstractly the representation could be quite easy to understand
assuming someone has played some games before. Languageless design is
a very interesting idea to me, where a player could, with minimal
experience, understand a game. Of course you have to make assumptions,
you can't expect to teach a player how to use a keyboard or controller
or to look at the monitor, but you can utilize some fundamental
generalized assumptions which'll probably go bad at some point in the
future (WASD, arrow keys.)

-- rant that ends up in me hating qwerty as a poor dvorak user:

I think software, for humans, should be for humans: People playing
your game have played games before, and thus applying normal standards
helps most players pick things up. Breaking the rules of those
standards can ruin someone's transferable muscle memory
(i.e. something small like what down or up does in a side scrolling
platformer, being replaced by an extra jump key or vice versa.)
Ideally, you could combine all these general standards and their
variations into one complete keyboard set that would ensure that on
average the button you press does what you think it does, like Z
(again, qwerty) in an RPG.

QWERTY verses other layouts causes a huge problem that doesn't exist
with controllers because QWERTY sucks but is just standard enough to
be the complete normal (nothing else exists) assumption. This is a
problem when you come to an input system where you must ask the
question of what the keyboard looks like on the physical layer.  I am
going to make the assumption that most (read: all) keyboards printed
for Americans are QWERTY, and therefore the physical key layer is the
most useful, but ideally we could have a program that would parse
this, and then translate the keypresses we want to the system layout
(QWERTY WASD -> Dvorak <AOE) thus making the ingame key
representations correct, but that's its own nightmare.

A lot of games got this almost right, being using the physical layout
by default, which is by far the most useful for QWERTY boards as it
does well and truly ensure every keyboard works the same. Source
engine does exactly this, up until Source 2 where they changed it to
be simulated, which is an improvement for non-QWERTY simulated keys
theoretically, however the layout is still based on the physical
presentation rather than the digital representation.

Lots of my issue with this as an idea is that it's not really easy to
implement a transient keyboard application, but perhaps I'm
paranoid. English is a universal standard for computing and always
will be. QWERTY carries on because it is too standard, despite being a
layout designed to be as inefficient as possible.

The ideal case is thus: We query the system layout, we provide our on
layout on some standard, say QWERTY, we then translate this
positionally (QWERTY letter s becomes o in Dvorak land) into the
system layout and always use that. I don't know of a library to do
this. I know that windowing frameworks do not provide this facility
(GLFW/SDL, I could be wrong.) This basically means if we want this
behaviour, which is the obvious best way (human orient) to do things,
we'll have to generate tables for N layouts until we're happy with
ourselves. If we were presented with the physical layout, we could
utilize that to skip this table mapping such that a physical position
would be retrieved and we'd then map our qwerty physical position to
whatever that key is and we'd achieve an anonymous keyboard mapping
with zero problems.  However, Mechanical keyboard losers exist. I hate
mechanical keyboard people so much. why yes, I would like 70% of a
keyboard.  Hence, this would then be a physical mapping requiring the
type of keyboard in which we'd map our keys from, thus moving from the
simulated table to the physical table.  Obviously neither of these
approaches work without a huge dataset of everything ever, hence you
could obviously just default to something that will work well in
almost all cases like the physical mapping, and then have the fallback
of the simulated workflow, and then otherwise set qwerty and expect
the user to rebind keys, thus ensuring normal ANSI/ISO boards will
always work no mater the layout, other boards will work as long as we
know what they're using (dv,azert,workman,colemak,maltron :), other
keyboards for fake languages like russian, chinese, etc.)  In summary,
there are ten million variations of keyboards and almost all games
neglect almost all of them but that's why we have key rebinding
because doing the requisite work for the above is like highlighting,
possible for one application but in general nearly impossible without
40 years of manhours from the most severely autistic men alive.

It's better to expect 2 seconds of configuration than to expect 2
months of data aggregation. Except for controllers, which just work
because universally everyone assumes people are using Xbox
controllers.... oh, it's literally the same... nevermind....
